fixes #2531  value type on function overload (#2561)
wevm/viem: .changeset/new-hotels-sell.md

---
"viem": patch
---

> fixes #2560: infer the correct `value` type on function overload by matching correct function using function args

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed #2560: infer the correct payable `value` type on function overloads by matching function against `args`.
```
